Update the changelog for the preview5 release. (#1230)
Azure/azure-sdk-for-c: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for system properties for IoT Hub messages to `az_iot_common.h`.
- Add new HTTP result named `AZ_ERROR_HTTP_END_OF_HEADERS` to designate the end of the headers iterated over by `az_http_response_get_next_header()`.
- Add new IoT result named `AZ_ERROR_IOT_END_OF_PROPERTIES` to designate the end of the properties iterated over by `az_iot_message_properties_next()`.
- Add `AZ_IOT_MESSAGE_PROPERTIES_USER_ID` and `AZ_IOT_MESSAGE_PROPERTIES_CREATION_TIME` helper macros.

> - Add new `az_result.h` value `AZ_ERROR_DEPENDENCY_NOT_PROVIDED` which is returned by the platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add new `az_result` value `AZ_ERROR_DEPENDENCY_NOT_PROVIDED` which is returned by the HTTP adapter.
```

- `az_iot_retry_calc_delay()` renamed to `az_iot_calculate_retry_delay()`.
- `az_iot_hub_client_sas_get_password()` parameter `token_expiration_epoch_time` moved to second parameter.
- `az_iot_provisioning_client_init()` parameter `global_device_endpoint` renamed to `global_device_hostname`.

> - `az_iot_provisioning_client_query_status_get_publish_topic()` now accepts the `operation_id` from the `register_response` as the second parameter instead of the whole `az_iot_provisioning_client_register_response` struct.

Author: Looks like we had missed this change. @ericwol-msft, @danewalton - please take another quick look.

I went through the entire diff to capture any header file changes: https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-c/compare/c3c272b6bfcc76b78c5736f2eb63abff0a3d1c30...d41afa78bbc6944e17543e6fa5b2d9d8a64258d8

Reviewer 2: lgtm

- `az_iot_provisioning_client_init()` parameter `global_device_endpoint` renamed to `global_device_hostname`.
- Renamed the macro `AZ_SPAN_NULL` to `AZ_SPAN_EMPTY`.
- Renamed the `az_result` value `AZ_ERROR_INSUFFICIENT_SPAN_SIZE` to `AZ_ERROR_NOT_ENOUGH_SPACE`.

> - Made the helper macros `AZ_RETURN_IF_FAILED` and `AZ_RETURN_IF_NOT_ENOUGH_SIZE` internal.

Reviewer: We probably should say that we removed it rather than made internal - If you read Changelog from the customer perspective, AZ_RETURN... it is no longer available, it is removed from public header. Plus it no longer has public "AZ_" prefix.. So to a large extent made internal is indistinguishable from being deleted, as it should be.

Reviewer 2: I think I agree with Anton here. From a customer perspective, we would rather express to them the ultimate usability. If we say we made it internal, it exposes internal implementation and muddies their mental model of what is available to them. If we just say "we removed it", they know they have no access to it anymore.

- Behavioral change to disallow passing `NULL` to `az_context` and update documentation.
- Removed `AZ_HUB_CLIENT_DEFAULT_MQTT_TELEMETRY_DUPLICATE` and `AZ_HUB_CLIENT_DEFAULT_MQTT_TELEMETRY_RETAIN` from `az_iot_hub_client.h`.

### Bug Fixes

> - Fix the strict-aliasing issue in `_az_isfinite()`.

Reviewer: As per `_az_` prefix, this is internal, do we need this in the changelog? If some public function was affected by this, I'd mention the stack aliasing issue, otherwise don't mention?

- Fix the SDK warnings for the release configurations.
- Do not use a shared static scratch buffer for JSON token parsing. Instead use stack space.

### Other Changes and Improvements

- Refactor and update IoT samples.
- Add support to HTTP request set query parameter for customers to tell if the values are are already URL encoded.
- Optimize for code size URL encoding, appending path to request, and setting query parameters.
- Add ARM to the CI matrix.

> - Add map file generation to CI.

Reviewer: Last 2 items: does CI go to log?
Instead of saying that we added ARM to CI matrix, should we now instead say say that we support ARM?

Author: Will update. @danieljurek - any thoughts on this?

Author: > should we now instead say say that we support ARM?

I don't want to say that per-se, because we have always supported ARM, and didn't really make much changes in this release particularly to enable that.
